FOCUS #425: ChargeClass (Path 1) - spec updates and associated columns adjustments (#432)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/chargeclass.md

# Charge Class

> Charge Class indicates whether the row represents a correction to one or more [*charges*](#glossary:charge) invoiced in a previous billing period. Charge Class is commonly used to differentiate corrections from regularly incurred charges.

Reviewer: @ijurica, @thecloudman could you please resolve this comment? The group already agreed on the PR. Irena, if you are ok with the changes, we can proceed to merge it.

> The ChargeClass column MUST be present in the billing data. This column MUST be of type String and MUST be set to "Correction" in case of a correction to one or more charges already invoiced in previous billing periods. Otherwise, it MUST be null.

Reviewer 2: Minor phrasing nit and making the last sentence a bit more explicit to hopefully minimize ambiguity.
```suggestion
The ChargeClass column MUST be present in the billing data. This column MUST be of type String and MUST be "Correction" when the row represents a correction to one or more charges invoiced in previous billing periods. ChargeClass MUST be null when it is not a correction or when it is a correction within the current billing period.
```

Author: suggested change applied.
